okay :) lol . saying ok to both of yall about to different things !: *
yea ok .. well answer that cheap as sweden phone you came up on when i call .
a sprite can disappear in her mouth - lil kim hmmmmm the can not the bottle right ?
alright twitters tryna take me over !
just got a txt from my cousin ! yes ! so happy for you let 's get it !
why is this woman in the bathroom everytime i 'm in the bathroom ..!? stinkn up allll the stalls ! ha .
drop and give me 50 ....
#letsbereal .. no seriously , #letsbereal>>lol . do n't start .
make sure ya frisk me good .. check my panties and my bra ..
ridin .
oh i 'm late
ha just got home
my phones been dead for all day . got some txts and vms . my guys from work came through ! lovin my life for da most part :) ! #thankful
i will boo , i 'll just jump on her lol>>k promise :(
i had a mimosa earlier :) and thought about
out of line . . very
haha you 're stupid ... >>nope i 'm smart :)
am i proud of both of them ? no . maybe 1 of em . ha .
waiting for my lil bro to get home .. this guy is spoiled . after wrestling practice he had his god mom take him to red robins like moms does ..
haha as you are to me !
she hates pork hahahahaha
boy stop . lol .
... (rollin my neck ) do n't even know da flavor !
time to go .. walkn out the dooe to handle some major family bi cause we do this .
#ff just as crazy as she wanna be and be on that subliminal tweet game :) >>lol ! whatever ! haha .
#ff
hope y'all like my new profile pict #wordaapp>>yupp i like dat . that white and green looks so fresh ! #wordaapp :) haha .
thank you lord for this day ... time to bust moves !!
suga free goin hard right now !
me and moms text :) : congratulations babe im so happy 4 you . >>thanks ! we gonna be alright ! keep ur head up !
hey now ! leave me , and my big eyes alone lol>>lol no ! : *
eyebrows did ! rollthisrightquick . haha . dmnds
u ever get a text from someone and it just makes ur body melt .. u get soo happy and nothing else even matters .... >yes :)
beautiful day ! headin to la>>beautiful day in the town too ! have fun !
hey ! lol ! virgo 4 life ! #ff he 's funny too ! and that my virgo ! that is you and not mone right !? lol
this is pimpiiiiiiiiiin .
thanks :) . lol .
summa summa summa tiiiiiiimmmmme !
i should go get some henny ! but ima chill out :) .
my backs hurting
last break is over .. i 'm goin in ! and it was super late ! i 'm off at 230 ! ca n't wait ! crab and chicken callin my name callin my name !: )
watching lost
i did
darko was eating hamburgers in the locker room before they played the knicks . lol
girl pack ya bags i 'm bout to take you on a ride !
lol , yeah check it out bro
the cheerleading team need mrs. grady back
this girl ashley hines from is a beast . they ca n't stop her
da high always had the best fans . going way back before i was #inhighschool
#rip to my jack daniels burger
oh she 's back ... it looks like life hit her hard . i 'm bout to approach with caution . " cheer up babe " how does that sound ?
liquor makes you feel .....
the other credit union needs to hurry up and get repaired so it can reopen . this ewing line is crazy long ( pause )
the whole crew if that makes since ... - lol , it does
uncle dj been going in
#nowplaying bub luv - all i see is mad lights
forget ma stoopiid friiends !!!
nuttiin much_how bout u !
iigthy uu neiither lol -- iwont =] -- kewls
umm its souljawfy
smt mommy hurry manqqs :(
not much !! bout to wrk on ma ipod
ohhhh ohkayy what time
hehe
smh ii made formspriinqq but dnt use it lol
liike 9
yeah
rt : all ppl #ff my hunniie hunn lol --- yu heard it =d __lol
well boys will be boys_ and hearts will be hearts !! smh just boys and heartts dnt miix
hold da tweets !! brb
tlk to me twittah i 'm bored
r u runnin n duh big race ---- yeahhhh
wanna call ppl but idk ?!
hey hunns
watts supp !!
wo n't see the boiis run_ily u guys but ii aint wanna stay_home sweet home
let 's tlk twittah_on da bus for mad hours :/ yay kimmys comin homee --- yayyyy !!!
yeahhhh
lol but i like it
idk if me n jodi goin last forreal ...
bout to go have some airsex lol ( safest sex out there !!! )
my pics better then your ( lol neva i 'm still cute ca n't say the same for u )
holla if u need me u kno ur still my boo !!!
lol i herd mad partys ... i ca n't wait lol
me 2 smh he 's a perv
i wudnt ever tell on my brother or nebody for that matta .. smh u ca n't b serious
lol on the pc
if u and do that yall gonna make a mockery out of our friendship(it was ur plan ma )
still up , lol
i b talkin to my babyfather all day everyday ...
but where 's hmmm shawty where u at ?
anywhere i go i 'm protected ;)
i 'm the spokes person for extenze
lol she 's 13 that 's not funny well half it is rofl
no its not lol
mikes hard lemonade
my block brother how r u ??
wen i break , i break i break
this movie got me cryin for the past 20 mins ... omg tyler perry
with my yitches and ( where u women at ?? )
ralphmarston : no mere opinion from someone else has the power to hold you back .
revrunwisdom : i 'm a warrior not a worrier ! ( power thought )
revrunwisdom : wanna have a peaceful day .. avoid fools with all ur might .. u dont have to answer every call ya know
drthema : some people just want attention even if it 's negative . do n't get caught up in their hype .
revrunwisdom : you can have everything in life that you want if you just give enough other ppl in life what they want -(ziglar )
revrunwisdom : once u feel is ok to come in second , that 's exactly what happens to you in life - ( kennedy )
ralphmarston : feel the reality that you already are enough , and be magnificent .
revrunwisdom : ladies :: never let your heart cause you to forget to protect whats left of u
drthema : let your hopes outweigh your fears as you move toward your dreams .
doniquecperez : do n't get discouraged or moved by someone 's perception and opinion of you
drthema : our words give things power . speak life & not destructive thoughts about yourself and your future .
ralphmarston : the way you see yourself becomes the way you make yourself . how do you see yourself ?
doniquecperez : see that door that is opened before u ? walk right through it but lock d 1 u just walked out of . your path has been clea ...
revrunwisdom : the lord is my shepherd , i shall not want -(morning meditation )
ralphmarston : the person you are becoming is always watching the person you are right now .
drthema : do something today that feeds your spirit and empowers you to start the week from a higher place .
or i can say " i will trade u , ur gun for an igs book "
thanks lol
why fool
lol right
lol
lol a bro do n't judge me lol
good to be in columbus tho
i 'm startin to think females really do bring their ugly friends to the club with them
when i get bk
only when i want to be
man i swear i wana watch beauty and the beast right now ! // if u are interested about the best just look at
did u do ur case study
its either me or adoption because i do n't think nobody else will have sex with u . i do charity work lol
i will take u and ur whole team on easy !!! i 'm too inky over here lol
sigh , here we go
watchin ' this repo show man do these ppl kill me
rtis thinking about buys nba 2k10 or live do n't no wats better someone help me< -- 2k10 or just wait till 2k11
flyy guys car group dis year< -- yea we 're gonna get the labels done for the cars
imma be imma be me me imma be the best you ever seen
about to run that cod
playin ' cod .. where @ my cod bros
rise&shine
#nowplaying -nicki minaj - freaky gurl
#flashback walkmans n flipping the tape over lol< -- i saw a man still usin the walkmans lol
#nowplaying fabolous - i 'm so raw
#nowplaying fabolous - body ya #over
just had a gr8 work out now on my way bac home then wrk life
#questionsthatdontgetrealanswers < -- any question asked right before or during sex ! #over
#homelife
lights out
good morning < -- same to u beautiful #over
#nowplaying - mario - better man
#nowplaying - foxx ft treyz songz -she said
lol do u know that song ?
where do you those rip away jeans ?!! and where can i get some ?!
wtf . why do you text me , if you 're not going to respond when i text you back .? ( -_-) #petpeeve
just delete my number .
anyway .... rock lobster !
bye ;
uncomfortable .
lol it was aight . emily was gettin on my nerves tho .
bye ;
i just wanna say none of yall can see me in mad gab ! #madgabchamp !
good luck ! :-d
txt me ! [ if u can ]
u said hey ! lol
ok yeah ur right , but still .
nah u kno lu dnt b cookin forreal
hahaha omg ! i just found a baggie of weed that i hid from like four/five years ago !! hahahaha !!!
errrrrrrr sorry . i feel asleep on you :(
lol " john calvin . he was a grumpy bastard " haha
#nowplaying mgmt - kids
i might come , too ! ;d you have no idea how long i 've been wishing for mars to play beale street !
awww :)
correction , a malt vinegar base~
lol i am confused because so much is going on and i 'm only half paying attention . so is brown sauce like steak sauce ?
lol snap . he prolly denied me , too . lame .
oh dear god , i 'm such a bad person . how dare i put homework before rp !
ughh this week has been soo busy . but i wanna finish ours bb
lol that is insane !
going to try and get my ipod to work before the trip . i might buy a cheap mp3 player if i have to .
did he link to the wolfman trailer ?
i must see this ...
eeep , why ?
#now playing " ( zazie fait de la ) bicyclette " - the plastiscines
too discouraged . we 'll see .
i thought she looked familiar !
i was raised wiccan ... i 'm thinking about going back to it . i lost myself for awhile
going to see alice in wonderland today with and and lindsay
r u o k ?......... yea , i slipped & i fell ..... am i bleeding ?
so cold
listening ii ego-trey songz
lakers/heat game is good rite now
let 's go lakers
let 's go kobe !!!!
i 'm going all out . lakers got this overtime
ok gm back on
svu ....
thnxz cutie ;-)
->lol :-) ur crazy
where is
hey . how 's the day off going ?
where my cuzzo 's
getting myself together
brooklyn we go hard
what you up to
ai n't nothing
brb
aaaw ? lol .
nothing much , posted up and hungry af . you ?
now following - :) whutsup ?
the ludacris one . have you heard it , he got off on that one .
i 'm tired of being nice to people . always taking it for granted .
#realthugs do n't wear skinny jeans cause my gun do n't fit .
nah ur already cute lol . i like ya nosering -- lol , thank you .
and here comes the rain :)
now following -- :) wuddup ?
hey .. -- what 's good w . you ?
yeah i agree . hip hop has been slippin on their songs . i do n't even listen to the radio anymore .
i love justen !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -- obviously not enough if you ca n't spell his name right .
#ff
l m a o . you are too cute : -* i love you . i 'm glad i 'm rhythimatic haha .
ehh , i 'm two seconds from going home . i 'm feeling horrible right now . the more i sit here , the more i feel worse .
#ff , check out his music . myspace.com/theofficialkrooks
#ff ------ > follow me i follow back
now the party do n't start til i wake in : -*
i 've been having a really good day . is amazing i just love her .
wrong answer lol -- lol . oh were you looking for a specific answer ?
i see someone is hurting ..
weak girls make me sick . c'mon females , we 're much stronger then that .
pre-workout prep has begun .
people do n't dance like that to get the burn anymore . its frowned upon .. lol .
officially getting rid of my iphone with its dysfunctional button this weekend|get a 9700 #blackertheberrythesweetertheuse
i think that 's the move ! |make it happen and we can play word mole against each other .
oh , okay !
eff yo blackberry|sore loser
lol
whatttttt ?! this convo is over ! lol|lol !! *blackstreet sings* do n't leave ! do n't leeeeave me giirrl ! lol
lol i 'm serious . n e way . diggin the new avatar ! |thanks
i hear u .
lol !
if i start sneezing i 'm tearing a new one when i see her .
fancy wig
keep ur profile public ! i gained 700+ followers since december ! |will do .
man my day starting off bad!!|don't let ur day suck at 8am .
i c . are you watching the doctors ? u should .
#letsbereal techno only goes hard if its remixing a popular rap song .
#letsbereal and trina need to do a song and video together to resurrect bet after dark . make that happen . #montebellotuttifruity
vanity was on last dragon right ?
#nowplaying " blame it on the boogie " -the jacksons ... mainly mike tho . lol
probably . the jerk would have me on the ground . |its just sambo'n anyway . lol .
lol ur so not funny hahaha|lol , u looked at that mobile huh ? i like to text more than talk on the mobile .
#ff
i 'm good though . how 'd the bball action turn out ?
yeah , i know .
i ca n't remember the one i saw on best of pride last month .
hahaha , girl with skirt no panties on would help too < --- prep time ;) |shaves 1 second off .
follow -------- > because she is so pretty ... #followfriday|now following
tracking # 1z3r4w ... followed by 1000 more digits . |lol i need a psf and extra packing added please .
inspection done . to ballys
" shawty u know that i got that cash , uuuu do n't even have to ask , have anything u want to , cuz i can make it rain on u ... if u were my gf " lol
travelingh for work is deductible . helps alot
its a convo/story|ahh , pti
alright i 'm in . big bucks no whammy big bucks no whammy ! stop !! host : i win a free bottle of seraphin !! #bizarromaker
sorry , not all the guards , strickland comes to play .
ufc best of 2009 on spike . hughes vs serra
if they keep stabbing you in the back , then quit handing them the knife . |or pay attention so u see it coming
good morn'n ! |good morning .
#observation i actually workout with more discipline when i 'm alone ... and when there is a really fine female in my proximity .
best #observation to have is noticing the transformation in my body from working out . still a long way to go .
#observation if we all got more hugs in a day , we 'd be happier people . do n't u agree ?
was mj making an album before the tour too ?
#reminiscing on how the term " sack chaser " was coined from heauxs coming to the rec 2 c master p and crew . not workout , sit and watch .
these judges are being hard this year .
me too .
aww that sucks . if ya dont mind me asking , whats ruining your relationship ?
might take a little twitter absence . debating whether to or not . not sure yet .
ha no . with ubertwitter , my tweets are alittle behind sometimes .
#irefuseto let people walk all over me , give up , stop believing in what i stand up for .
goodbye .
i listen to it every tuesday and thursday ! and talk in the chat room . everyone is really nice :d
hahaha !!
ur not gonna meet me anywhere .
i do . i got the 2009 one signed by when i met him .
time for wwe superstars ! where 's :)
hbk dvd ! :) gotta buy this !
going to bed . school . some people are really crazy . i mean wow . bye
ha ! me too ! bristol is kyle 's house !
im really tired . ttyl everyone .
yes ! startin 2nd ! starting 5th and taylor malsam starting 11th ! :)
yea !
woot ! :) just voted for team kyle/joey at gillette500.com #nascar
truck set up time !
woot !
go :) also and :)
aww :)
we need a caution !
alright gotta go . phones about to die . :( bye everyone
lol that 's what i was thinkin too . aka juan is jealous of jamie . lol
good pick kyle : kyle busch !
gonna eat some oodles and noodles and then start on the homework .
i am !! kyle busch is gonna win today ! :)
yea !
how about this p7 now !
haha ! i would cause a riot !
this one has just seemeed so long . maybe cause our boy is havin problems :(
oh no ! jeff !
yea . its making me so mad ! i hope they get its worked out !!
thunder valley next week !!! kyle 's house !!!
steve .....
i do n't want juan to win . come on kurt ... ca n't believe i 'm roting for him
come on matt !!!
i 'm actually excited to see what u have to say !!!! :)
yes sir ! i feel so much better , so no excuse not to ! lol
life seems so much better !
where 's the cec meeting ?
its mean 2 string ppl along ... if u luv em let em know ,, if not let em go
it 's officially my spring break ! yay ! let the fun begin !
happy 15th bday to my baby cuz - chori nikiesia keaton ! love you girl ....
thanks to imma tell you my #likes ! ( the ladies have made their own tt .... lol )
dudes that keep themselves up is a major plus !
your #icheatedbecause are hilarious !!!!
lol . well the more you feed them , the longer they live !
hey gorgeous ! how are you ?
i 've earned my purple heart in this war of love . i 've fallen , but i got back up & i 'm still standing !
tried .... but i ca n't stay up any longer .... nite tweeps ....
i love my life and the people that are in it ....
i might be going somewhere in a minute . idk yet . waiting for my friend to get off work ! why , what 's up ?
people will only use u as much as u let them !
why men dnt cry in front of women ?
once i dead you , aint no coming back . #thatisall
hey cuz ... where u been at ?
good morning world ...
slowjamz or rap today ?
aye baby am i crazy ? or was that tweet about me . you say maybe , well your crazy . because i know im too fly .
f=ma
nooo ... lol
so its been raining ?
bout to finally get out of bed ...
real random !
that would suck ! smh
true !
you cant give women the attention they want . once they get it they pay you no attention .
o , tru
i will make a way if your treating ... lol
!
wats confusing ???
im cool ... but a few hate
11am
iam blaming twitter .. lol
yea , i play acoustic
i cant call it . #somethingaintright
college party
me .. lol
ima cool cat on life 9
stomach touching my back ! smh gotta eat now !
whats up ppl
women that cant get in touch , are still feeling me .
my mind is mad at my heart .
i fucs wit lupe
my eyes are so heavy
pow ... lol
y u shakin ya head ms.
smelling like burberry colone
girl u know u bad gurl ..... lol
wtf was i talkin bout last nite
hahaha .. got cha
oh i 'm felling it now as we speak ...
did you get your mirror back ? u mean
a letter and a number .. lol
dang !! i wud have took off .. i gotta wrk sat morn ...
lol .. i 'll see wht i can do ..
lol .. i 'll see wht i can do .. yea rite ! lol== do n't doubt me .. lol
click on the one that looks like lil wayne
yea the 1st one
#ff
i 'm good , and no not today .. its all good now ..
( cont)#ff my fav artist/groups
( cont ) #ff my fav artist/group
no prob ! i 'm anxiously waitin on that cd !!
#ff my bestie she is a vocal beast !!!!
i am re-focusing my attention on what really matters !.... i need to get some things in order !..
hahaha ... ok , so no preformances in the area ... lol ???
no prob ..
i 'm comin as soon as i get off work !!! i love my family ! were so funny !!
that 's y u and gonna have food poison !!!! #j/k
lol .. sir can you get it together !!
on my way to the temple !
which temple ? should be temple of grace , but she dumped me . hahaha !!!
lol can i have yours hahahhahahaaaaa
( cheesing ) :-d yeah right lol
hahahhaaa i wanna play ( humph )
that 's kool . ;-)
ok then bring'em
are you telling or asking ?
i said it for both ways ... but you dnt have to if you dnt want just saying
ipromise !
ughhhhhh cheesecake !!!!! well then i dnt promise hurry up !
i like you bkgrd pic on the left ..... #nice
who ???
brooklyn 's finest & alice in wonderland comes out friday ! yay --- we going together ???
your welcome
now i 'm in love with marc bell his artistic work of art is just outstandingly breath taking . i can stare at his work all day
rock j . walker is very talented himself . he gets every little detail as well as marc bell . i have to do more research on them when i go home
ight my to favorite host - so far everything is going according to plan . im going to set a meeting for everyone
so send me you availability through a dm please and thank you !
yea i know . where you going ?
hahahhahaaaa i just did lol
#followfriday
#followfriday
lol nothing much but hanging n you ?
#followfriday
oh let 's do it ...
( retweet )
yo ! yo ! yo ! mic check 1 , 2 ... 1 , 2 ! lol
i love my life
hahahaaa hehheheeeee
idk yet any thing in mind ?
lol ( thinking & looking in the both calendar books ) almost ready when you are lol
ok its crazy baning in here but i 'm ready to go home
lol just get em ! this whole starving ya self thing is crazy !
made my day ! yes you did .
dang my favorite ice cream is in the freezer oh boy am i overjoyed !
at sears ! sorry i 'm late in replying
awww do n't lose hope on the bucks their bomb !
i know i know ! but the way he said it ! he 's white i 'm mad lol gosh
no actually have n't been to la in a week or two . i wo n't be in la until mid march again probably
#randomfact in 5th grade i was 5 " 11
ouch ! that 's rude do n't knock sade ! she 's cool beanz she 's mellow i love it !
#randomfact i say #closetherope way to much so if you have a problem ill #closetherope on you son !
becuz i 'm german ima nazi ? lol ! aww #closetherope .
i like both :)
ouch ! that 's mean
for ?
:)
this wal mart movie is so sad ! i feel bad again !
chocolate makes my life everytime it touches my tongue #justsayin
i 'm mad at today ! lol
yup u might help her sell more then they trying ! i had forgot wat day she was releasing it
i wanna see any of janets emotional scences cause i will believe it cause it was around the time mj died :(
its gonna be bomb !!!
its cold but sunny the weather continues to confuse me at times !
:) :) hey buddy ur bdays comin
fa sure :)
oh really
wats wrong ?
sup
uh nothing i 'm sleepy u ?
smh no not the solution .
yeah there is ! i might have to leave soon because i am moving
yay omg cannot wait ! it 'll be good to go out with my buddy !!
everyones been asking ! when i came around they had it all planned out .
one hour to freedom ! let 's go !
eh monique
deciding where i 'm goin to apply ! and making plans for the upcoming months ! and u ?
i used to live in europe so i 'm good lol
keep me updated !!!!
so u wanna get out of ur skin or away from work ? lol i do n't blame if ur answer is skin lol
lol u jus have n't met the right woman
she saw ur face & that was the excuse she gave u not to hurt ur feelings lol
i thought u were supposed to b in nova now
thanks ;-)
#realgrandmas make up words . #saywhatgrandma << then get mad at u b/c u do n't kno what they tellin u to do lol
welcome new follower
lol where u ?
did ur brotha tell u wat i said last nite for him to tell u ?
i need to come visit u &
lol & ai n't nothing wrong wit that
follow b/c he an aight kappa man lol he new to twitter so show him luv
yawn ... i def fell asleep ... now i 'm up & wide awake ... i might try to go bak to sleep tho
thanks & i 'm goin bak to bed nite tweeps
morning every1
aawwww i 'm jus seeing this , u should of been called me
good afternoon . what its lookin like today ?
this miguel from naz
lol that 's crazy
just got home from school but i probably be outta my come outside vibe by the time u get back to the boro lol
let 's make that flex wats good wit red lobster bar bro
i took it to the crib . had to study for a test
finished my test ....
oh aight lol ... or rather lml laughing madd loud ... do n't feel bad i jus found out last week
ok so its backwards day at school and all the kids clothes are on backwards
have fun and be safe
where at on friday
wear it for the next man lol really cute undie set .... still in box !!!
give it back to him cut up i pieces
what u want to coach and at what level
nope that 's not gonna happen i 'm sorry sir trust me
that 's funny but i do have book sense lol
that still come on just watchin mtv jamz ..
you listened to john to name ur car
ahhahaha and like my girl would say " sleep tight & dont ' let the bed bugs bite " lol :-)
ok gotcha a follow my bff he funny lol anyways u still bored ?
yuck what 's onion dip
wwwoooooooooooowwwwwwwww she not big enough i like em 280 or betta . lol
getting practice in and sweating tracks out lol
i 'm real homie . no shame over this way
spring break taking to long to get here
well whatever u decide be safe
#ff all my track bunnies
follow friday what is ff i am still new lol
telling self do n't go out today . so i 'm headed 2 chilis and look at gas and do n't have any . i knew i should have stayed n . #hate pumping gas
no never . meka finally off bed rest so going see her . i know u not talking with ur caking butt lol
well just ask lol
hope rodney stuckey is ok .. he just had a seizure .. prayers go out to him
ok so house cleaned now time to go get my sexy on in the gym
hey so i 'm talking to and she do n't have a clue so maybe you need to refresh her memory lol
and the dolphin trick just saw she lost her bottoms and left some marks on her legs
ok clean house , gym done , bout to get my nap in , then hit the streets of houston
i want to go
watching a movie on my couch . trying to talk some sense into one of my girls .
then he walked out the door . that gots to hurt when u in love .
what can the zeta 's become . omg popular #housebunny
instead of getting to maui muai can i just get the maui cause i 'm not that hungry #housebunny
cadillac records come on at 1115 on starz
errbody can go !!!! errbody i wanna do sumn else anyway . #igotamilliwaystogetit
hi haterz !! lol !!!!
i 'm bout to make all the haters mad , see how many followers i lose . heeheee
tryn to get sum good out of today !! chillin family ! what 's the word
that 's all i know . u speaking dat real dis merning ! lol
feel me . aiiite bck to the regular scheduled program . ~of gettin guap ! owwww !!!
stocking milk . fml .
lol rtlol !!! 1st male anchor . #history < -- rite ! my bruh just a camera man lol < wht u talkin bout willis >
they need to know it . thanx hun ! u betta tell em i 'm fly !!!
beautiful . simply beautiful !!
a ! crank that thng on uuuuuup !!!!!
i 'm the only black n here !
thats whats up !!
chilln baby girl , tryn to make the best of this thursday , u good ?
going to sumbody island . i do kno that .
okkk !! yes ma'am! i 've got thick , thicker , & thickest covered !!! lol !
#ff
my iphone froze . again .
morning . good morning !!!
for those on the way to church , say a prayer for ya boy .
seem*
proud of you . <<thanks . said it best . when in a position to help others , we should do so .
do n't tag me like it 's my fault ! lol i 'm up in here looking and feeling like death .
where are you ?? <<at buffalo phil 's for happy hour , about to head up to el rincon . just about #overit .
janet !!! love that song ! <<right ! #throwback jam
tell laci to stop being slaw and text me back !
.. problem solved ..
#ff the nupetrain
is not a fan of public restrooms .. period !
not to worry . now that we know where to get them , it 's on when you get back from atlanta ! ;-)
p.s. you know me and rj are more than just a look ! our arrogance is highly substantiated ... and you know this ... man !!
please listen to his " pretty boy swag " track . " soulja boy " and " pretty boy " .. uhh .. o_0
madd hungry !! i 'm thinking chuck 's for brunch , then chill in barnes & noble for a minute .
and beyonce was drafted by who ...? she 's not smart enough to be a delta #justsaying
this just in .. due to her ghetto/crackhead life turned superstar , mary j . blige is now a proud member of sigma gamma rho
#greekdraft sigma 's founders all rejected by alpha oooouch ! yall crazy lol<<and there it is !... #pow
#randomfakt red lobster my fav place to eat u kan neva go wrng<<red lobster is the mcdonald 's of seafood . #whack
#nowplaying " it 's over now " -- 112
#shoutout to thebirthdaygirl ---- > :)
all praises is due 2 allah !
#freelilwayne
1:11 make a wish
today has been a pretty good day :) omw to the movie premiere for brooklyns finest
they 're blasting in the movie theater before the movie premiere starts and i 'm just smiling and singing along . lol
11:11 . make a wish . ( central time )
up early ... out of habit , from ppl waking me up out of my sleep smh
march 14 . " i love myself day " ( a valentines day for singles ) this
jibber jabeer is soooooooooo cool lol always makes my day :) :) :)
until i receive a #ff , i 'm not in the mood to participate
i 'm good you ? < --- hungry !!!
its gonna be on and poppin when i get to new york yo
lol that 's what i keep asking myself ... when does he go in ? lol is lil wayne tweetin from prison or what ...
gym ! 40 minute workout ! lets go !!!
everyone claims to be " real ".. most people arent . the real you is not what u say . it 's what u do , how you treat ppl
#ff
lol silly sure u can walk and i 'll take a train
wicked is my favorite musical ! i 've scene the touring version . i wanna see it again but there 's so many other shows that i need
i previewed it on itunes and i 'm omw to bestbuy now cuz i liked it so much . i think #intheheights is winning so far
2 for in the heights 1 for fela and 1 for west side story ... any more votes !???
lol quick #ff he 's tweeting a ver good story lol
hahahaha oh my god ! lol yur fukn stupid ! lol that was good ! what a fun school you went to ! lol
you didddddd !??? i do n't remember that , you little liar lol and i just woke up . smh #supertired
lol i rarely check my dm 's
lol :)
but i do hate when ppl are walking together and they split a pole -_-
yeahhh that 's why i think u should come to ny . lol if u came i would pay
is that a yes !?
imma prove my hands on your face !
you better gamble !
forget being nice
shaquanna godbolt you are not bdl ! so cut it out now !
she cant help it !
#unotfromthehood if u havent had sheets on ur windows for curtains
ah shoot now !
alright bet !
a peanut away ..... ( i died )
ah fooey !
uh oh !
i vote for steak and shake !
you about to be the only one at waffle house
just left applebees
im on my way
they in the famu sex tape eating that booty hole out ! #eatthebootyholeout
eww ! well dang ( gucci voice )
preach !
lol " when they turn their back imma steal some supplies "
lol get your famu on !
and you and you and you ... you 're going to love meeeeeee
thats my song yo !
#nowplaying wale ft . gucci mane - " pretty girls "
whats upper ??
cut it out ! that doesnt count ..... you cant put me in my feelings i done told you this ! and dont be tweeting my name wrong !
yes mam ! it wont !
he got mad because i was laughing .... he be in his feelings !
o_o
#nowplaying miley cyrus - " the climb "
#nowplaying silk - " more "
so you had to deactivate your facebook too ? you about to be a tweet-aholic !
o_o
mkay ..
cut it out !
rell lives that life ! flea not bdl though !
#mewithoutyouislike pompano beach without bran b>lol stupid !
haha what ? lol ..
haha boy that aint got nothing with being 20 !
then im ready to slap a hoe .... cause clearly !
so you calling me a liar !? let me remind you : " sherell what yall talking about ?" uh huh yea i win !
chilling whats upper ?
hopefully today !
yes !
its like a big chat room for us !
they all still on it .... never going to get over it ! done called me a trader ... smh !
tattoo artist is a cute asian with dreads ! we need to fliso we can get discounted tats in the future
tat
lol this man tweeting at a funeral !
thats funny im listening to that now ...." a reason to hate "
its if she would let you lick it or stick it ... you wasnt supposed to answer lol
alright cool ! what it is after the club though ?? dont really feel like clubbing ...
thats all i need to know !
you just walking the strip ?
google !
lol ! her tights has nothing to do with her wearing a lacefront haha
you better adjust your attitude and turn up your altitiude !
cut it out !
um hum ... i bet you are fish dead !
#teyanaudrawin
how u feelin ? bet u i can make u feel better
runnin off of 3 hours of sleep is not cool .
wake up ho 's .... good morning
good morning babe
color contacts #weoffthat
it 's a movie in here !!!
feelin like i 'm back
why do ppl look so different on ubertwitter an when u see them on a desktop they look like a hole another person wow
right lol
on my way the knicks game wit my nephew let 's go knicks even doe they suckk
#letsbereal you only popoff when your crew around
#letsbereal . i will go hammmm on any human at anytime
#ff cuz i said so
i need a #tt 2nite iam at work an i need something 2 do help me out ppl let 's go innnnn 2nite
yes tima thx for knowing my name kevviiiiinnn
ight iam bored at work hit me up on the bbm 30c14bfd do n't be afraid ill add u iam not that mean .
so my tea & tequila did help a lil but now i 'm super drowsy :-/
i have n't either ...
thanks mama ! i think it was the change in weather :-/
i been told u to get an oovoo
yes
tell him the truth !
hot tottie time . then zzzzz
1:27 !!!!!
yay !! i found my texts :)
headache/stuffy nose is back time for a nap
eh i make not even make it there ( sorry so i 'm def eating now
what time does this bbq start ?? <-ask but i think 4
" if we listen to each others heart we 'll find were never to far apart . and mybe love is the reson why we 're seeing it eye to eye "
how was the game
advil/aleve is not cutting it :(
today is a gorgeous day !!!
excl stylesocial beyonce shoe chai tea is being served w/ these gianmarco lorenzi ! catch them in alicia keys video !
heading home now i 'm so stuff had more good food to eat today ......
life is like a mirror , smile at it and it smiles back at you !
thanx boo ....
can someone plz help me ...
project runway in a few minutes ..... yaaayyy
finishing up my theraflu gonna doze off to " the devil wears prada " <aww pumpkin get well soon .
put me on follower i 'm not from the streets ....
it is such a beautiful day in ny today ! hope it 's beautiful in ur neck of the woods !
prada sample sale at woodbury common premium outlets ( ny ) sun , mar 7 ( store opening at 9am) .
my mom is being such a douche today . why did i move back ? whyyyy ???
alex lambert would be so cute if he got a friggin haircut . and i really like andrew .
yup yup . brynniieelol
:d
that 's good . :d
omg wait what . so sad . so sad .
where at ?!
umm .. yeah , i have like 1 rl friend .
why am i on a sonic list ??
why no updates today ? i need to find something to read ....
i love that movie . have fun . :)
i 'm bored , you guys . someone entertain me .
acitd .... oh my god .
i have a horrible headache .... and someone stole the ibuprofen from my purse . :(
lol . yup ! :) she 's pretty awesome .
#nowplaying nas " big girl ".... your a big girl nooowwww ... no more daddys little girl ...
if you leave me i 'd kill you ... #thatisall
no more will you be the one ,, that 's what you tell everyone around you .. but you know they 've heard it all before ...
lust ------ infatuation ------ love #fineline
i 'm following waaaayyyyy too many twiggas ... bouta unfollow some dweebs !
lol i already kno they a b at yo neck i know .. smh
#letsbehonest #teamblackberry is raw !!!!! lol
my lil bro got suspend for fightin yesterday n the fight is n the news paper cuz he broke the boys nose #thuglife
uggghh ... wtf is takin him so long wit my food ...
#ff these are my girls ! aww boo
they jus announced somebdys ride was outside #onlycleveland ctfu ... hahahaha
lol .. he said chaquita ... as in the bananas
ctfu ... ladies love darryl ...
wtf ... is following bookoo ppl in my timeline .. can i get a follow ... sheesh #thatisall lol
i 'm cool just getting excited about my vacation next month . when are you coming back home
hey now you can say shoot i got 3 kids hahahahahaha
hey did you here that wbs is back
morning
lol thanks
glad i 'm going to the doctor tomorrw
i 'm ok went to the doctors my sinuses are flared up
wishes life came with a remote to rewind play pause fast forward ... i would 've avoided a few things .... aaaamen
i leave on the 9th and come back the 13th
do you have a blackberry
morning sis
yes i 'm relaxing trying to get this headache gone
me too wish i was 20 again i 'm starting to feel my age hahaha
yes i know thanks
hey pretty lady
good morning !!!
hey kimmy
my oldest will be 10 on the 21st and my boys are 6&5 . i got fixed after the last 1 .
happy birthday !! enjoy your day sis
full as a water balloon ! i felt a little bad for enjoying my steak a little too much so i poured out a lil liqueur -- for the cattle !
noooo !!!
righhhhhht ?! ok 2012 is not the movie for me , i 'm kinda lost all these white people confusing me !
yeah , gotta love him ! haha yeah ur son asked me something .. i ca n't remember , but he 's a funny kid ! lol
done and done ! =)
sometimes truth is harder to absorb than lie
good morning !!!!!!!!
about to step outside and get some fresh air ...... bbl
lol !!!
sorrrrrrry !
rap beef is so 1997
get it , boo !
morning !!!!
i 'm barely making it today ....
love yuuuuuuuuu !
i thought i was -- my bad .
publix fruit bowls !!!
so i just woke up from a nap ... got to much energy
ahh yo 16 takling bout goin and 2 of my roommates to
im tryna see the tape
its too funny
you and cash
yall 2 must be n the same car - ya- where yall headed
yes sir !!! ya boi is hungry
shiitt
now u know ima comment on this post
u betta not say a neeirr nutha !!
we can go to the court
just realized rhinanna be talking bout it
awwrreeaadddyy
one
what concert ?
beer pong wyde ?
oh i have a li preview .. past #toga party
12 days until ..
come hard or go home
where
happy birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no i 'm goin in right now !! i will sleep later !
u not carryin nothin on the plane ??
lol yea but its a real small one tho !
u went home already ???
wat ! i asked u did u leave already !
ey i tld dre we all gtta get together then ... since we all bouta b dwn there !!
aww thanks mal !!
uhm thts not tisha twitter name !! its homie .. u jus tweeted the wrng person lil girl
wat is wrng wit u n nee nee .. wat yal all sad about ??
alright i will sure do that wen i get bck !
r yal there yet ??
re add me on bbm dott i think i jus accidently deleted you !
atlanta
o ok we 'll hopefully yal do get to go !
do it do it do it ! it 'll liven things up
yes you are & yes no ceilings is awesome
aaaaaah ! positive people make the world go round ...
here ! but def in nosebleeds bc my friend bought the tix crazy late . still thankful he even bought them & should be fun
ok but i 'm here if ya need me
listening 2 reasonable doubt . the best concerts always have me digging through my old cds right after the artist 's show
wow just found some post its under all the papers on my desk , nice !
whoa ! police at pentagon omg omg omg
channel 7 on the way
do better watching cnn and nothing on re : pentagon shooting
:)
good job for recycling old jeans ( even if they 're not gap brand) !... may be dropping off some pairs
wait ! baby shower 's from 1 to 4pm ... why is only 1 guest here ? where 's the pregnant ??
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh !.... you know the rest :) ( ps lemme know when ur sick of that bc it 's been yrs & i 'm not )
its a offical , i have a crush on justin bieber :) hehehehe
whyyyy ????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wit my boo eating all her food
on the way to workkk .. ughhh ..
i wanna go home and cuddle with chico ...
hahaha !! imma look fly with my long weave !! #dontjudgeme !!!!
ill help u if u babysit my son ( omg louie ?!! ill keep him !! )
yes take himmmmm .. are u off tomorroe ( yes biaaa !! u got a date wit me :) no homo )
all i do is win win win no matter what !!!!
ill pay someone to do all my laundry .. its way to much for little ol me to handle .. ughhh
do u have my din din ready ???
i 'm known to chill wit a thug or 2 ;)
i love drizzy drake
can i still come ?? i 'm about to go get it
i now remember why i never go out on saturdays .. ughhh ..
i know it suxs :/
i get off work soon , im in my pj 's lol .. where are u guys ??
lol
i swear some people need to grow up !! ( going back to sleep ) smh
she said 915am ( sharp )
tell karen and your pop i said sup lol < --- lol okk fams
that 's me in the iceberg silly lololol
lol i kno i look diff now
good morning . . ca n't even say tgif ( cause i 'm working this weekend !!! ) working 6 days a week is tiring !!
the heels on these boots are crazzzzyyyy !!!
nope its taurus twice lol
boooooo its all good i got powdered donuts on deck lol ; i will get breakfast from there before i go to work in some hrs smh
free for how long ? lol
#irefuseto live in the past . the past stays in the past
#realgrandmas can cook the best
gucci ?
actually ... go to this link imma send u
#everydayiwakeup i thank god for another day
np love ! ca n't wait to see it
ok ... i really want the iphone now ... gonna sell my blackberry tour so i can get the iphone
what styll writing ? and u mean laydee :p
what do i mean for what ??
i wish i had a tuna wrap . where 'd you get a tuna wrap ? *lol i made it . *
oh my gosh i 'm so proud of you ! *lol what did i do ? *
eminems verse is wayyyy better ... wayne cant touch eminem lyrically
yup . em killed the forever track too . no one can touch him on that track
" god can heal a broken heart but he has to have all of the pieces " ( via
#ff cuz this dude can rap !!!
i actually do n't like it , believe it or not
#urparentsever make u do all the work and then let ur siblings chill ?
when in doubt . pray ... when in more doubt .. make music !!!!!!
lol nothing ... ya right !! i went to ur myspace .. i rap too so i wanted 2 hear ur style styll
canada ... all mc 's do what ?
#mewithoutyou is like summer without sun
you already know it has to end with child . writerchild ? writechild ? scribblechild ? penchild ? *writerchild*
lol how ?
looks like my bro bout to make my mixtape cover . /via * i need a mixtape cover soon*
how do you cheat on someone ?!?!!!???! holy . /via * i know a lot of guys that know how to answer that . *
lol cuz i 'm using my ipod touch :)
lol yet ur only using ur bb right now
what dream ?
you ever wonder if sits in that bathtub and twitters words of inspiration all day ?
ok jus dm me cuz i cant if ur not followin me
march 4th , blue que on 28th & jst : b-smoove video release . perf . by : & & b-smoove + mo
as a producer tho , i feel if a person wants to buy a beat from u and their pretty wah wah , then do n't give them exsclusives lol
i think we 're going to name my debut solo album ; " fresh off the porch ". what ya 'll think ! u got a better name , let me hear it !
follow :
queens 2 follow :
you want to get a feature from swiff today , get at me ..... todays rainy price is only $ 75.00 time running out
awwww , u 'll be alright again
man , we up here in sac putting in mad work to take this to the next level . do n't you have some a&r's to send this way !
hit up
( indubiditly pimpin ! ;) ) i can dig it ! 1luv !
#letsbereal half the time we type " lol " we aint really laughing .. lol
hey hey you made the trnding topic . i see you at the top of the timeline ! ;)
2nite blue cue on 28th & jst b-smoove video release perf . by : & & more . biggest party of 2010
2nite blue cue on 28th & jst b-smoove video release perf . by : &
(*winks back .. what it be like ! ) [ :
u right about that ! lol . vday savior
( where ) if u know where i live come thru !!
we do it big wherever we go , and all my brew city city fam get a-1 treatment
they set up a twitter page called ; pray for the youngster !!!!!! find j-kwon
and that 's on my global ! :)
so ......... where 's my italiano sweetie !
in the studio boo ! how you been !
club ritz is finna splash hard with young dro next week i heard .
attn producers : beat battle at in sacramento . u think u got beats . hurry up and get there
i hate to say , but tarheels . lol
shoutout to the boy boy for giving my song the opp to be heard ! ya 'll follow an on air personality who 's as real as they come
also , do n't forget to follow my girl not only is she mad cute , but she gangsta ! ;)
sum1 come get me !
let me try to email it to ya ! whas the gmail .
man , aint no party like a sac city party cuz a sac city party do n't stp !
( negro , i 'm still up , watchin tv . lol)ok .... im really sleepy , my eyes are not listening to my brain !!..... this is not unity
b-smoove
watching bgc
eating my other fav snack & lol
awwww paw paw ... i 'm sorrt she was being a meanie :o (
i like that if you find someone that you know you love ... love that person ... and god will see yall through the rest of the way
not really what 's up how was ya day ? nothing crazy happened today ?
dance auditions for my school
*goes to warmup skillet & boil water*
watching y&r ... happy about tucker & kay ... mad about jill
i really hate they take 45mins of my conference time on something u could have emailed me ... ugh !!!
10 minutes left :o )
what fair ...
boo boo booooooooooooo boo
u know mjb my boo ... lol
ok bye now is coming !!!!
where u going algy ?
did u go this morning ?
this twitter thing is so addictive<<<<i know huh ???? -- i agree !
@ the liquor store w/my dad !!! he is getting his weekend purple bag
where is the new nordstrom 's rack @ by the galleria
lol he just had pappasito 's ... he good
so what time is the bbq and liquor
are those chinese slippers i see
might as well say so . they 're getting the same high lol ! r they considered pot heads ??
i gotcha
what up lady
yeah that 's true ! music is boring these days & there are n't anymore fans , everyone wants to sing or rap smh .
have what ?
mayne that boy put me on hold at 5 something now its 7:04 & i 'm still waitin on him to click over smh .
that boy crazy man lol lol
what happen lol ? hurt me ok
smh hang on tight bro lol !
what phone did u just get rid of ?
#lies !!! naw ! dat was lol i bet u were super bad when u were little
" kazam-poof " where u come from buddy lol ? lol i 'm still here
studio performances #wham lol
why
what 's over rated ?
put it there pal___ let 's call it truce kapeesh lol ?! stop smirkin for y'all lips get stuck lol
oh ok .
dude is in a zone !
#spam #mail #how #about #dem #heat ??????
your girl is over here right #nowplaying with my nut sacks #uh !
laying in bed right #nowplaying my pubic hairs & tweetin !
#ff #ff
#ff everybody give the queen a follow her posts be on point lol
#ff my followers point blank period ! my timeline is filled with honesty & its a daily comedy show no lie lol ! if you feel me !
#ibelieve lil mama killed her career by running up on that stage smh
#ibelieve flavor flav or gary coleman is daddy ! he looks too much alike them cats smh
watch yo mouth bucket head ! what he dont catch ?? always gotta correct somebody .... ugh !!!
lol naw man naw ! how so ? u put us on the back burner smh
where you been alllll day lady ?
i know you did lol
that 's what i 'm saying so why are n't peoples pic showing up ?
my bad lol . i seen your tweet after i posted that , my uber be trippin lol !
ben roethlisberger is treated as if he 's innocent until proven guilty . we should try that with our own sometime ...
i 'd rather read tweets all day than read tweets involving #thecurrenttrendtopics
the next cd i burn is going to be wale 's , #truthhurts #eh !!! this negro jamming !
que ? <---ya'll be confusing me !!!
if yall have mtv hits tune in these mofos jamming yakiikii !
uh ohhhhh the lakers are charging back into this game lol !
lol smh . what it look like on yo end ?
lol iv noticed thu only tym yur tweets do n't seem angry are wen u txt me lol
just legal lol might as well say so . they 're getting the same high lol ! r they considered pot heads ??
#demolishin this milk & cereals #uh
nooo were #1up smh .... whos silly ? is she talkin ab whoopi off thu color purple ? lol y'all silly
ummm .... ok #flow #ouw ! well my name is funmi bka thespokenword #uh not " floooowww "
lol
still sendin #spam ! smh imahav 2 go #personally tell dis dude 2 change his pswd
#wait facebook for sex #what ????
lol
nothin man b kewl b4 i go cashews on u
dat gucci mane stuff lol
aye man i asnwered yo question foo
gud morning ppl !
hi ther frend ... gud morning !
#wachin " law abiding citizen " eatin spaghettis b4 skewl #uh
i will !
#ahhh ... traffic lol
u cant prove it
huh ??
layin dwn
lol ion feel so #hott *dizzy* symptom of h1n1 haha !
ihavent gotten 1 yed ! will yall let me kno if i 'm sendin out #spam #mail ?! i would tell yall lol
?? #randomthought y duz profile pic has a no sign onit *cuz theres a surgeon general on me
lol u jay-z 2day ? sesitive thugs all need hugs
unfollowed ! #letsbereal u should b followin
#uh animal print robes and hot pink slippers
we #kohl why can most blk sing ? wtf ..
that 's what she sed #ahhwooo !!! smh hang on tight bro lol !
lol wud up frend ! #1up
imbein mimiced -- i 'm bein stalked .. #fml
nmh lol
wuts funny frend ??
aye foo i 'm diggin dis new u .. u musta found yo inner peace bc we neva argue no mor nmh
#uh ... u kno i sing ryt ? #randomthought i am currently in love ......... with my music
ohhh y u liv so far ??
idk dem .... lol
lol all ryt ... ill hit u up 1day an we can talk ab it if u want
wher u goin jojori lol watch when i leave in the fall watch imma act a fool .
huh
i 'm just az confused as ur bro smh
mmmhmmm .... tell me anything !
lol daz tyt
lol ... verizon has blackberry 's frend .. i had1 !
i still have n't went jori i 'm up =[ only with 3 hrs of sleep
anything goes ! what 's the definition of an open relationship ?
dang ! gasp !!!! mcnabb is goin to the rams !!!?????
u got it
maaaaan #what ???
#wait u don hav real teef ?? i had a dream all my teeth fell out again wtf
lol left me out too dry smh
oh ! u wearin sum warmups up 2 yo ribs huh ??
#uh we will gladly take brandon marshall as well
smh ...
question ....
now y u wud u do such a thing ??
ummmm hey man that 's nuffin 2do wif me
